README.md, before:

# VERIFY
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/pirmd/verify?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/pirmd/verify)&nbsp; 
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/pirmd/verify)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/pirmd/verify)&nbsp;

`verify` package is a collection of simple functions that I find handy to use
for building my unit testing.

It is not a full testing framework nor expected to cover all testing needs
under the sky, just some tools I happen to use on the top of the standard go
testing module.

# INSTALLATION
Everything should work fine using go standard commands (`build`, `get`,
`install`...).

# USAGE
Running `go doc github.com/pirmd/verify` should give you helpful guidelines on
avail bales features.

With the package set-up, additional go test flags are offered:
    . `-test.golden-update`: updates the golden files with the test result.
    . `-test.mockhttp-update`: updates files served through the mock-http transport.
    . `-test.diff`: show differences between the test result and expected values.
    . `-test.colordiff`: show differences in color between the test result and the
       expected values.

# CONTRIBUTION
If you feel like to contribute, just follow github guidelines on
[forking](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) then [send a pull
request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/)

[modeline]: # ( vim: set fenc=utf-8 spell spl=en: )

Commit message:

- Break previous principles for verify functions. Verify functions are now outputting errors in case of check fail and leave the end user the choice on how to handle the situation in its unit testing code (for example t.Errorf or t.Fatalf...)
- Switch to github.com/pirmd/text v0.4.0 that offers better diff algorithm and
color diff formatting.

- Use github.com/sanity-io/litter to provide readily usable pretty formatting
of compared values.

README.md, after:

# VERIFY
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/pirmd/verify?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/pirmd/verify)&nbsp; 
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/pirmd/verify)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/pirmd/verify)&nbsp;

`verify` package is a collection of simple functions that I find handy to use
for building my unit testing.

It is not a full testing framework nor expected to cover all testing needs
under the sky, just some tools I happen to use on the top of the standard go
testing module.

# INSTALLATION
Everything should work fine using go standard commands (`build`, `get`,
`install`...).

# USAGE
Running `go doc github.com/pirmd/verify` should give you helpful guidelines on
availables features.

With the package set-up, additional go test flags are offered:
    . `-test.golden-update`: updates the golden files with the test result.
    . `-test.mockhttp-update`: updates files served through the mock-http transport.
    . `-test.diff`: show differences between the test result and expected values.
    . `-test.diff-color`: show differences in color between the test result and the
       expected values.
    . `-test.diff-np`: show differences between result and expected values
      materializing non printable chars.

# CONTRIBUTION
If you feel like to contribute, just follow github guidelines on
[forking](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) then [send a pull
request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/)

[modeline]: # ( vim: set fenc=utf-8 spell spl=en: )
